Improve ssl-keystore documentation (#11)
glpi-project/doc-agent: source/configuration.rst

.. _ssl-keystore:

``ssl-keystore`` (Available since GLPI Agent v1.11)
    Keystore support on Windows, Keychain support on MacOSX and CA trust store support on Unix/Linux 
    are enabled by default to provide a way to authentify SSL GLPI server if CA certificate or server 
    certificate is integrated there. The default CA bundle from Mozilla's will be included only if the

>     GLPI-Agent is unable to extract certificates from the operating system. (this support case is available since GLPI Agent v1.12)

Reviewer: As discussed in the PR, other OS are not concerned. You don't need to change this paragraph.

Author: The PR https://github.com/glpi-project/glpi-agent/pull/824/files as it was approved includes the CA trust store from Linux so other OSes are also affected by using the ``ssl-keystore`` flag, if it's not desired we need to revert the commit and remove the OpenSSL CA trust store loading from Unix machines.

Reviewer: It was partially approved and I reverted some not required changes as I said in my last comments. My comment here are following what I did to merge manually your glpi-agent PR.

Reviewer: You still have to remove this change.

    It takes as argument a string which can be a list separated by commas:

>     * ``none``: just disable keystore support on Windows, keychain support on MacOSX or CA trust store on Unix/Linux.

Reviewer: This is still wrong. `ssl-keystore` will still be ignored on other OS.

Just don't change this sentence.

>     * ``none``: just disable Mozilla::CA bundle and keystore support on Windows, keychain support on MacOSX or CA trust store on Unix/Linux.

Reviewer: This is wrong, `none` will only disable default keystore or keychain extract. So this simply forces to only use the Mozilla::CA bundle as it used by default in IO::Socket::SSL.

You should just not change this text.

Author: Removed the Mozilla::CA but kept the CA trust store on Unix/Linux, please see the comments above.

Reviewer: See my answer above.

Author: yes, I've read and removed the Mozilla::CA citation, but please notice that this also disables the CA trust store (/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt) extract support on Unix since this function also runs on those systems, as the flag to limit the function to run only on Darwin/MSWin32 has been removed.

      * ``Enterprise-My``, ``Enterprise-CA``, ``Enterprise-Root`` for machine enterprise store
      * ``GroupPolicy-My``, ``GroupPolicy-CA``, ``GroupPolicy-Root`` for machine group policy store

>     * Only on MacOSX, the user ('root' as a daemon) keychain will be used. You can use only the system keychain by using the ``system-ssl-ca`` key. (this option in not supported until v1.12)
> 
>     By default, only ``CA`` and ``Root`` keystores for the machine's default, user ('LocalSystem' as a service), service, enterprise and 
>     group policy stores are exported on Windows.
> 
>     On Unix/Linux, the agent uses the OpenSSL CA trust store (/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt). (this option in not supported until v1.12)
> 

Reviewer: Only `system-ssl-ca` value should be documented with eventually an explanation on the context usage.

```suggestion
    * Only on MacOSX, the user ('root' as a daemon) keychain will be used.

      * You can force to use the system SSL CA keychain by using the ``system-ssl-ca`` key (Available since GLPI Agent v1.12)

    This can help if your certificate authority is not known by glpi-agent default SSL store based on `Mozilla::CA <https://metacpan.org/pod/Mozilla::CA>`_ but it is by system SSL CA.
```
Other sentences are no more on purpose.

    GLPI-Agent will use `certutil command <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/certutil>`_

>     and `security find-certificates command <https://ss64.com/mac/security-find-cert.html>`_ to extract certificates from related store.
> 
>     This option cannot be used with ``ca-cert-dir``, ``ca-cert-file`` and ``ssl-fingerprint`` options.

Reviewer: Here you can more accurately tell ssl-keystore option will be ignored.
```suggestion
    and `security find-certificates command <https://ss64.com/mac/security-find-cert.html>`_ to extract certificates from related store.

    This option will be ignored if used at the same time than one of ``ca-cert-dir``, ``ca-cert-file`` or ``ssl-fingerprint`` options.
```
